I do like how you have used the direction A, explaining that this is not a banking app but it helps you understand the patterns. I also think that you can combine the direction A and B so it can build on to one and another.  
  
The reason why I'm hesitant to lead with Sage upfront is because not everybody is welcoming to the idea of AI, especially with your financial information.  
  
About the questions you had asked, for the most common first-time visitor:

1.  I move around, I use the code, and I have them scanned and then explain a summary about what it is.
2.  It is a person who I've told them a little bit about the app. Now I'm trying to reduce how much I tell them so that I can see how much of the information they can gather from the landing page.

That is it. It's basically a friend who's heard that I'm working on something who has a rough idea about it. When a person asks me what's the difference from a but some might be like, 'They're curious because they're like, 'Why would you spend so much time working on something like this? Why would something like this be important?' So I talk about the Analytics, the tracking, the pattern recognition. I think that is a strong thing to lead with, especially like you said, there's the household aspect whereby a bank can just show you your records and it's focused on just an individual account. Now you also need to see how you share money with other people as well, your savings, your planning, your goals, and things like that.  
  
It's not built to replace your banking app. It is built to complement and help you understand your financial information much better, not only for just yourself but also for you and your household, whether you are a couple, you are a family, whether you are roommates.  
  
For the last question you mentioned here about whether Phil Sage is strong enough, the reason why I feel Sage is a strong leading point is because in a conversation with somebody today they did like the idea of Sage AI. I do know that some people are hesitant about AI so I always wanted it to be an opt-in thing that it's there by default and we'll try to list the nice things about it. We don't want to force users to use the Sage AI.  
  
I hope that gives you more context and more information and that you can better structure the ideas and things like that. If you have more things that you want me to think about and to consider, please let me know. We can continue to work on refining the landing page so that in the first 15 seconds, in the first two slides, people are motivated to want to find out more about the app and to actually use it, not simply because they're using it because I made it but because they think it is something that they generally will find useful.